README.md, before:

# Allouna Perfum Template

A modern, responsive e-commerce website template for Allouna Perfum - featuring premium fragrance products with PayPal integration and Facebook Pixel tracking.

## 🚀 Features

- **E-commerce Ready**: Complete product catalog with PayPal payment integration
- **Modern Design**: Beautiful gradient background with premium fragrance theme
- **Responsive Layout**: Optimized for all devices (mobile, tablet, desktop)
- **Payment Integration**: Secure PayPal checkout with order capture
- **Analytics Ready**: Facebook Pixel integration for tracking and marketing
- **SEO Optimized**: Meta tags, structured data, and performance optimized
- **Fast Loading**: Built with Vite for optimal performance

## 🎨 Design Theme

- **Primary Colors**: Slate-900 (#0f172a) and Amber-400 (#f59e0b)
- **Background**: Gradient from slate-900 via amber-400 to slate-900
- **Typography**: Inter font family for modern, clean appearance
- **Components**: Glassmorphism effects with backdrop blur

## 📱 Sections

1. **Hero Section**: Compelling headline with premium fragrance showcase
2. **About**: Brand story, mission, and values
3. **Products**: Premium fragrance catalog with detailed descriptions
4. **Services**: Fragrance consultation and customization services
5. **Contact**: Contact form and social media links
6. **Footer**: Quick links and contact information

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: React 18 with TypeScript
- **Build Tool**: Vite
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Fonts**: Google Fonts (Inter)
- **Deployment**: Ready for Vercel, Netlify, or any static hosting

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 16+ 
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/autonomyowner/allouna-perfum-template.git
cd allouna-perfum-template
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:5173`

### Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be in the `dist` folder, ready for deployment.

## 📊 Business Information

### Allouna Perfum Details

- **Business Type**: Premium fragrance e-commerce
- **Target Audience**: Fragrance enthusiasts, luxury shoppers
- **Payment**: PayPal integration for secure transactions
- **Analytics**: Facebook Pixel for marketing and tracking
- **Products**: Premium fragrance collection with detailed descriptions
- **Features**: Product catalog, secure checkout, order management

### E-commerce Features

This template includes:

1. **Product Catalog**: Complete fragrance collection with images and descriptions
2. **Secure Payments**: PayPal integration for safe transactions
3. **Order Management**: Capture and process orders efficiently
4. **Analytics**: Facebook Pixel integration for marketing insights
5. **Responsive Design**: Optimized for all devices
6. **SEO Ready**: Search engine optimized for better visibility
7. **Performance**: Fast loading times for better user experience

## 🎯 Key Features

- **PayPal Integration**: Secure payment processing with order capture
- **Facebook Pixel**: Complete analytics and marketing tracking
- **Product Management**: Easy product catalog management
- **Mobile-First Design**: Optimized for mobile users
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast loading times and smooth animations

## 📈 SEO Features

- Meta tags for social sharing
- Structured data for search engines
- Optimized images and content
- Mobile-friendly design
- Fast loading times

## 🔧 Customization

### Colors
Update colors in `tailwind.config.js`:
```javascript
colors: {
  'hive-amber': '#f59e0b',
  'hive-slate': '#0f172a',
}
```

### Content
All content is easily editable in the component files:
- `src/components/Hero.tsx` - Main headline and product showcase
- `src/components/About.tsx` - Brand story and mission
- `src/components/Services.tsx` - Services and consultation
- `src/components/ProductDetail.tsx` - Product details and descriptions
- `src/components/Contact.tsx` - Contact information

## 📞 Contact

- **Repository**: [allouna-perfum-template](https://github.com/autonomyowner/allouna-perfum-template)
- **PayPal Integration**: Secure payment processing
- **Facebook Pixel**: Marketing and analytics tracking

## 📄 License

This project is created for Allouna Perfum. All rights reserved.

---

Built with ❤️ for Allouna Perfum e-commerce

Commit message:

feat: Add comprehensive French translation support and update brand name to Allouani
- Add complete French translation system with LanguageContext
- Implement language switcher component with flag emojis
- Translate all site content including navigation, hero, services, contact forms
- Update all instances of 'Allouna' to 'Allouani' across codebase
- Add French translations for contact page, product gros, and all components
- Maintain responsive design and consistent styling
- Support instant language switching between English and French

README.md, after:

# Allouani Perfum Template

A modern, responsive e-commerce website template for Allouani Perfum - featuring premium fragrance products with PayPal integration and Facebook Pixel tracking.

## 🚀 Features

- **E-commerce Ready**: Complete product catalog with PayPal payment integration
- **Modern Design**: Beautiful gradient background with premium fragrance theme
- **Responsive Layout**: Optimized for all devices (mobile, tablet, desktop)
- **Payment Integration**: Secure PayPal checkout with order capture
- **Analytics Ready**: Facebook Pixel integration for tracking and marketing
- **SEO Optimized**: Meta tags, structured data, and performance optimized
- **Fast Loading**: Built with Vite for optimal performance

## 🎨 Design Theme

- **Primary Colors**: Slate-900 (#0f172a) and Amber-400 (#f59e0b)
- **Background**: Gradient from slate-900 via amber-400 to slate-900
- **Typography**: Inter font family for modern, clean appearance
- **Components**: Glassmorphism effects with backdrop blur

## 📱 Sections

1. **Hero Section**: Compelling headline with premium fragrance showcase
2. **About**: Brand story, mission, and values
3. **Products**: Premium fragrance catalog with detailed descriptions
4. **Services**: Fragrance consultation and customization services
5. **Contact**: Contact form and social media links
6. **Footer**: Quick links and contact information

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: React 18 with TypeScript
- **Build Tool**: Vite
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Fonts**: Google Fonts (Inter)
- **Deployment**: Ready for Vercel, Netlify, or any static hosting

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 16+ 
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/autonomyowner/allouna-perfum-template.git
cd allouna-perfum-template
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:5173`

### Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be in the `dist` folder, ready for deployment.

## 📊 Business Information

### Allouani Perfum Details

- **Business Type**: Premium fragrance e-commerce
- **Target Audience**: Fragrance enthusiasts, luxury shoppers
- **Payment**: PayPal integration for secure transactions
- **Analytics**: Facebook Pixel for marketing and tracking
- **Products**: Premium fragrance collection with detailed descriptions
- **Features**: Product catalog, secure checkout, order management

### E-commerce Features

This template includes:

1. **Product Catalog**: Complete fragrance collection with images and descriptions
2. **Secure Payments**: PayPal integration for safe transactions
3. **Order Management**: Capture and process orders efficiently
4. **Analytics**: Facebook Pixel integration for marketing insights
5. **Responsive Design**: Optimized for all devices
6. **SEO Ready**: Search engine optimized for better visibility
7. **Performance**: Fast loading times for better user experience

## 🎯 Key Features

- **PayPal Integration**: Secure payment processing with order capture
- **Facebook Pixel**: Complete analytics and marketing tracking
- **Product Management**: Easy product catalog management
- **Mobile-First Design**: Optimized for mobile users
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast loading times and smooth animations

## 📈 SEO Features

- Meta tags for social sharing
- Structured data for search engines
- Optimized images and content
- Mobile-friendly design
- Fast loading times

## 🔧 Customization

### Colors
Update colors in `tailwind.config.js`:
```javascript
colors: {
  'hive-amber': '#f59e0b',
  'hive-slate': '#0f172a',
}
```

### Content
All content is easily editable in the component files:
- `src/components/Hero.tsx` - Main headline and product showcase
- `src/components/About.tsx` - Brand story and mission
- `src/components/Services.tsx` - Services and consultation
- `src/components/ProductDetail.tsx` - Product details and descriptions
- `src/components/Contact.tsx` - Contact information

## 📞 Contact

- **Repository**: [allouna-perfum-template](https://github.com/autonomyowner/allouna-perfum-template)
- **PayPal Integration**: Secure payment processing
- **Facebook Pixel**: Marketing and analytics tracking

## 📄 License

This project is created for Allouani Perfum. All rights reserved.

---

Built with ❤️ for Allouani Perfum e-commerce
